validity of no cache functions 
train with tunable r, vacuum inital state
termination with set full reflective action ask ai
loss channel
Map a full noise-phase diagram. Find noise thresholds where RL still performs like baselines?
stable baseline zoo for hyperparameter tuning
venv on ssd no cuda
train folder metadata show env features
assert for no env feature conflict
possibility of no state agent with only shown measurements
terminate give reward for passed steps (same total reward as truncate)
SAC for losschannel but first test for normal case
ideas from BSgate to optmize loss channel implementation
symbolic fock
new fock engine each step but passs dm
loss channel optimized no parallel
lower fock cut off as much as possible
qutip insstead of strawberry fields
super bonus 100x instead of 10x
paralell env seed? 
Do is specifically need to give POMDP the past action? or it does that automatically?
can i set the length of momoey in pomdp or it is done automatically?
investigate letting the agent to post select the measurements. but it has to choose the highest probability path.
	finding the best possible path with fixed instruments
learn reqrd signal fron neural network rather than human fed reward
go on the path of highest probability.
make a measurement that goes on the path of highest probability but evaluate in mixed state
a circuit with threshold detector?
-goal based agent. sees the target and optimize for target
-three mode circuit of sabapathy
-alternating fidlity when loop is closed investigate
non gaussionality reward only if the fidelity is over 0.9
stable baseline3 ppo goes for gpu when model loaded
imperfect device, controls are noisy e.g. agent want r=1.21 device is r=1.20
fidelity guesser agent, how good is my state is? 
articles regatding reward shaping for fidelity
- with lower db e.g. db=7
- start from optimal post select parameters found in the original article
- beam splitter phase for two mode gadget
- visualize the postselected circuit wigner funcrion for myself
-- penalty for not chaning the state if fidelity is low
- GBS analogy
- fid per step present
- reward shaping techniques
-- normalize action